Because our client is now a public application,
we need to configure a new public client with Keycloak.
If we go to our admin console, create new clients,
name it crypto-portfolio-react,
and select public as the access and implicit flow.
Authorization enabled off.
For the redirect URL, we will now add the following for the React application.
For web origins, we need to add our domain.
This is for cross-origin requests.
We will discuss what this is in a later module.
Now because this is a public app, we don't have a client secret.
That's it, we can just save it.
Now in the React client, I'm using the OpenID Connect client JavaScript library.
In the auth service, I set the provider URI, client_id, redirect_uri, scopes.
And in my PortfolioActions class,
all the calls to the microservices I include the access token.
Again, this course is mainly focused on Spring,
so I won't go over creating a React app in detail and how to secure it.
That will be a separate course in itself.
I believe there is a course on this in the library, which you can check out.
There are also many different types of JavaScript frameworks out there.
We will mainly focus on how Spring Security needs to be configured on the
resource server side to work with a public JavaScript client.
However, feel free to check the React code out and take a look.
And I will over time be updating it in Git to improve the security,
like adding the authorization code grant with PKCE as this is
now what the OAuth2 group is recommending.
At the moment, it's just using the implicit flow. Next, we will secure our microservices.